Domain edits (#416)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

: An identifier for an Environment that is shared among similar Environment instances, such as those with the same hardware assembly.
See also {{Section 4.2.4 of -eat}}.

> Composite Attester: A Composite Attester is either a Composite Device ({{Section 3.3 of -rats-arch}}) or a Layered Attester ({{Section 3.2 of -rats-arch}}) or any composition involving a combination of one or more Composite Devices or Layered Attesters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composite Attester:
: A Composite Attester is either a Composite Device ({{Section 3.3 of -rats-arch}}) or a Layered Attester ({{Section 3.2 of -rats-arch}}) or any composition involving a combination of one or more Composite Devices or Layered Attesters.
```

: An identifier for an Environment that is shared among similar Environment instances, such as those with the same hardware assembly.
See also {{Section 4.2.4 of -eat}}.

Domain:

> : A context to represent a collection of Environments that are grouped togther to represent an entity, for example a Composite Device {{Section 3.3 of -rats-arch}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: A context to represent a collection of Environments that are grouped togther to represent an entity, for example a product that is a Composite Device {{Section 3.3 of -rats-arch}}
```

> : A context to represent a collection of Environments that are grouped togther to represent an entity, for example a Composite Device {{Section 3.3 of -rats-arch}}

Author: I agree, will change the text to better explain this!

> : A context to represent a collection of Environments that are grouped togther to represent an entity, for example a Composite Device {{Section 3.3 of -rats-arch}}

Author: It may not just be a Composite Device, it could be a Layered Attester also,

> : A topological description to represent an entity, for example a Composite Device ({{Section 3.3 of -rats-arch}}), in terms of its constituent Environments or Domains.

Reviewer: Defining Domain in terms of Domains is like looking in an infinity mirror :-)

Author: Changes done!

##### Domain Types {#sec-comid-domain-type}

> A domain is a context for bundling a collection of related environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Domain is a context for bundling a collection of related environments.
```

~~~ cddl
{::include cddl/domain-dependency-triple-record.cddl}
~~~
~~~ cddl
{::include cddl/domain-type-choice.cddl}
~~~

#### Domain Membership Triple {#sec-comid-triple-domain-membership}

> A Domain Membership triple assigns a domain identifier to member environments. The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Domain Membership triple associates a domain identifier with corresponding member environments. The
```

> triple subject identifies a domain ({{sec-comid-domain-type}}) that has a membership predicate
> relationship to the object where the object contains one or more members.
> When predicates are domains, it allows Endorsers to construct a hierarchical model
> where a domain can be represented using a collection of well defined domain identifiers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
triple subject identifies a Domain ({{sec-comid-domain-type}}) that has a membership predicate relationship to the object where the object contains one or more members.
When predicates are Domains, it allows Endorsers to construct a hierarchical model
where a Domain can be represented using a collection of well defined domain identifiers.
```

> A Domain Membership triple assigns a domain identifier to member environments. The
> triple subject identifies a domain ({{sec-comid-domain-type}}) that has a membership predicate
> relationship to the object where the object contains one or more members.
> When predicates are domains, it allows Endorsers to construct a hierarchical model
> where a domain can be represented using a collection of well defined domain identifiers.

Reviewer: Not very clear, I suggest the following rewrite:
```suggestion
A Domain Membership triple links a domain identifier to its member Environments.
The triple’s object lists all the Environments in the domain, and the domain is identified by the Environment in the triple’s subject.
This allows the recursive construction of the topology of a Composite Device, where multiple lower-level domains can be aggregated into higher-level domains.
```

Author: Taken all the points from here and incorporated a generic term entity with an example of Composite Device!

~~~ cddl
{::include cddl/domain-dependency-triple-record.cddl}
~~~
~~~ cddl
{::include cddl/domain-type-choice.cddl}
~~~

#### Domain Membership Triple {#sec-comid-triple-domain-membership}

A Domain Membership triple assigns domain membership to environments.  The
subject identifies a domain ({{sec-comid-domain-type}}) that has a predicate

> relationship to the object containing one or more environments or one of more domains.

Author: Agree, we should change this! Thanks for the review!

> relationship to the object containing one or more environments or one of more domains.

Author: ```suggestion
relationship to the object where the object contains one or more members.
```

* Profile : The profile that defines this tuple. If no profile is used, this attribute is omitted.

> * Domain Identifier : The Domain to which a given ECT belongs.

Reviewer 3: Why can an environment only belong to one domain? What if I need to change a domain-id naming convention and keep both the old and new around for migration's sake?

It seems like you could have a lot of superimposed topologies that are acceptable, such that a single identifier is too restrictive.

Author: We have to start with only one domain, to begin with...

A new DM triple should over-ride an existing domain concept.!

* Profile : The profile that defines this tuple. If no profile is used, this attribute is omitted.

> * Domain Identifier : The Identity of the Domain to which a given ECT belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Domain Identifier : The Domain to which a given ECT belongs.
```

|           | `authority`     | Optional    |
|           | `cmtype`        | n/a         |
|           | `profile`       | n/a         |
|           | `domain-id`     | n/a         |
| selection | `environment`   | Mandatory   |
|           | `element-list`  | Mandatory   |
|           | `authority`     | Optional    |
|           | `cmtype`        | n/a         |
|           | `profile`       | n/a         |
|           | `domain-id`     | n/a         |
| addition  | `environment`   | Mandatory   |
|           | `element-list`  | Mandatory   |
|           | `authority`     | Mandatory   |
|           | `cmtype`        | Mandatory   |
|           | `profile`       | Optional    |
|           | `domain-id`     | n/a         |
{: #tbl-ev-ect-optionality title="Endorsed Values and Endorsed Values Series tuples requirements"}

### Internal Representation of Domain Membership {#sec-ir-dm}

An internal representation of Domain Membership uses the `dm` relation, which is a list of ECTs that describes the composition of an Attester with an identity of the Domain specified in the `identity` ECT.

~~~ cddl
{::include cddl/intrep-domain-mem.cddl}
~~~

> The Domain member Environments are compared with the Environments specified in the list of ECTs in ACS whose `cmtype` matches Evidence.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Domain member Environments are compared with the Environments specified in the list of ECTs in ACS whose `cmtype` matches `&(evidence: 2)`.
```

Reviewer 3: This sentence is quite confusing. What are the environment comparisons supposed to do?

Author: Removed it  from here and moved it to Processing of DMT section

> If the `environment` for every entry of the members of `dm` matches an entry in the ACS ECTs then the Domain identity is copied to every member
> ECT. The `members` are added to the ACS with authority specified in the identity.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

If for all environments `e` in `dm`.`members`, the ACS contains an ECT with environment `e` with `cmtype: &(evidence: 2)`, then copy the `dm`.`domain-id` to each matching ECT.
```

> The `members` are added to the ACS with authority specified in the identity.

What is "the identity"?
When you add just the environments to the ACS, you're saying what about them, exactly? What part is the condition what part is the addition? Are you always adding new ECTs with nothing else in them but the environment and authority? No claims or cmtype?

Reviewer 4: It is unclear to me where the authority comes from. Is it the entity which signed the domain membership triple? Or the entity which signed the evidence? Or something else?

Please clarity.

Author: The authority transformation is now explained under: `Domain Membership Triples Transformation`. Moved from here!

|           | `authority`     | Optional    |
|           | `cmtype`        | n/a         |
|           | `profile`       | n/a         |
|           | `domain-id`     | n/a         |
| selection | `environment`   | Mandatory   |
|           | `element-list`  | Mandatory   |
|           | `authority`     | Optional    |
|           | `cmtype`        | n/a         |
|           | `profile`       | n/a         |
|           | `domain-id`     | n/a         |
| addition  | `environment`   | Mandatory   |
|           | `element-list`  | Mandatory   |
|           | `authority`     | Mandatory   |
|           | `cmtype`        | Mandatory   |
|           | `profile`       | Optional    |
|           | `domain-id`     | n/a         |
{: #tbl-ev-ect-optionality title="Endorsed Values and Endorsed Values Series tuples requirements"}

> ### Internal Representation of Domain Membership {#sec-dm-membership}

Reviewer: In the internal representation “block”, the anchor convention is `sec-ir-...` 

```suggestion
### Internal Representation of Domain Membership {#sec-ir-dm}
```

|           | `authority`     | Optional    |
|           | `cmtype`        | n/a         |
|           | `profile`       | n/a         |
|           | `domain-id`     | n/a         |
| selection | `environment`   | Mandatory   |
|           | `element-list`  | Mandatory   |
|           | `authority`     | Optional    |
|           | `cmtype`        | n/a         |
|           | `profile`       | n/a         |
|           | `domain-id`     | n/a         |
| addition  | `environment`   | Mandatory   |
|           | `element-list`  | Mandatory   |
|           | `authority`     | Mandatory   |
|           | `cmtype`        | Mandatory   |
|           | `profile`       | Optional    |
|           | `domain-id`     | n/a         |
{: #tbl-ev-ect-optionality title="Endorsed Values and Endorsed Values Series tuples requirements"}

### Internal Representation of Domain Membership {#sec-ir-dm}

> An internal representation of Domain Membership uses the `dm` relation, which is a list of ECTs that describes the composition of an Attester with an identity of the Domain specified in the `identity` ECT.

Author: ```suggestion
An internal representation of Domain Membership uses the `dm` relation, which is a list of ECTs expressed in `members` that describes the composition of an Attester with an identity of the Domain specified in the `domain-id` ECT.
```

* If the Endorsement conceptual message has a profile, the profile is copied to the `ev`.`addition`.`profile` field.

#### Domain Membership Triples Transformation {#sec-dm-trans}

{:dmt-enum: counter="foo" style="format Step %d."}

{: dmt-enum}
* An `dm` list entry ({{sec-dm-membership}}) is allocated.

* The `cmtype` of the `members` ECT in the `dm` entry is set to `domain-member`.

* The Domain Membership Triple (DMT) ({{sec-comid-triple-domain-membership}}) populates the `dm` ECTs.

{:dmt2-enum: counter="dmt2" style="format %i"}

{: dmt2-enum}
* DMT.`identity`, $domain-identity-type-choice `environment-map` as under:

> > **copy**(`environment-map`, `dm`.`identity`.`environment-map`)

{: dmt2-enum}
* For each e in DMT.`members`:

> > > **copy**(e.`environment-map`, `dm`.`identity`.`environment-map`)

Author: Well spotted! I agree with the comment!

* If the Endorsement conceptual message has a profile, the profile identifier is copied to the `dm`.`members`.`profile` field.

> 

Reviewer 5: Should there be a section in "ACS augmentation using CoMID triples" that describes how to process the dm structure so that it results in changes or additions to the ACS entries? For example, for all the members in dm.members, the ACS is searched to find environment-maps that match and the ACS.EMT.domain field is updated to include dm.members.environment-map. If the search returns NULL then what? Should a new EMT be added to the ACS? 

What happens if there are multiple matches? Do all of them get their EMT.domain fields updated? 

What happens if there is a partial match, for example only class-map, instance-id, or group-id (or combinations of the three) match?

Author: If the match fails, for a DMT, it is not added to ACS.

If none of the DMT succeeds in a `complete match` and a Verifier Policy requires DMT then it SHOULD fail Verification!

For partial match also, the result is a Failure!

I was planning to add this, description, once we (CoRIM team) is aligned in general to this concept!

Author: I am assuming that a `profile` will populate `DMT: Environment` structure identical to Evidence ECT's Environment structure.

Author: Added a separate section, hence resolving the comment now!

* If the Endorsement conceptual message has a profile, the profile is copied to the `ev`.`addition`.`profile` field.

#### Domain Membership Triples Transformation {#sec-ir-dm-trans}

> This section describes how the external representation of a Domain Membership Triple (DMT) {{sec-comid-triple-domain-membership}} is transformed into its CoRIM internal representation {{sec-ir-dm}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how the external representation of a Domain Membership Triple (DMT) {{sec-comid-triple-domain-membership}} is transformed into its CoRIM internal representation ({{sec-ir-dm}}).
```

> This section describes how the external representation of a Domain Membership Triple (DMT) {{sec-comid-triple-domain-membership}} is transformed into its CoRIM internal representation ({{sec-ir-dm}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how the external representation of a Domain Membership Triple (DMT) ({{sec-comid-triple-domain-membership}}) is transformed into its CoRIM internal representation ({{sec-ir-dm}}).
```

{:dmt-enum: counter="dmt1" style="format Step %d."}

{: dmt-enum}
* Allocate a `dm` entry.

> * Set the conceptual message type for the domain-id ECT and each member ECT to 6 (`domain-member`).

Reviewer: Not sure I follow: at step 1, we allocate the `dm` entry, which is supposedly empty (since we haven’t explained yet how to populate it).  Therefore, here we instruct on setting the `cm-type` field of ECTs that don’t exist?

{:dmt4-enum: counter="dmt4" style="format %i"}

{: dmt4-enum}

> * **copy**(`domain-member`, `dm`.`domain-id`.`cmtype`)

Reviewer: The types of this assignment are not compatible.

Author: Why? Both RHS and LHS are cm-type?

{: dmt4-enum}
* For each ECT e in DMT.`members`:

> > > **copy**(`domain-member`, `dm`.`members`[e].`cmtype`)

Reviewer: ditto

Author: Why? Both RHS and LHS are cm-type?

### ACS Requirements {#sec-acs-reqs}

> At the end of the Evidence collection process Evidence has been converted into an internal representation suitable for appraisal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of the Evidence collection process, the Evidence has been converted into an internal representation suitable for appraisal.
```

If the ECTs match except for authority, the `rv` `addition` ECT authority is added to the ACS ECT authority.

#### Processing Domain Membership {#sec-process-dm}

Domain Membership Triples allow an Endorser (for example an Integrator) to issue an authoritative statement about the composition of an Attester as a collection of Environments.

> If the Verifier Appraisal policy requires Domain Membership, then membership triple sets a reference composition of an Attester in a Verifier database.

Reviewer 3: What about the policy requiring domain membership has to do with the interpretation of the membership triple?

At the time of Verification, the reference is then matched with actual composition as reported by an Attester in the Evidence.

Domain Membership Triples are first transformed into an internal representation following the steps mentioned in {{sec-ir-dm-trans}} leading to a representation as specified in {{sec-ir-dm}}.

> For each `ECT` entry in the list of `members`, the environment elements (example Class ID) is compared with the equivalent environment elements in ACS Entry with `cmtype` as `evidence`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A list of mutable references to matching ACS Entries for a `dm` is constructed in an iterative process over `dm`.`members`.
For every environment in `dm`.`members`, select ECTs from the ACS where `cmtype: &(evidence: 2)` and whose environment matches.
If there are no such ECTs, then the `dm` processing fails.
If there is at least one such ECT, then add all to the list.

At the end of list construction, for each ECT in the list of references, copy the `dm`.`domain-id` to the ECT's `domain-id` field.
If the field is already present and denotes a different domain, then this is an error.
```
I think this could be clearer. I don't think I understood from previous texts that an environment could belong to at most one domain.

Author: I have taken your edits to the main comparison section, as I agree the changes `you proposed` are more clear!

The process continues, untill every environment in the member list matches the entry in ACS.
If all the members match then the `environment` from the domain-id field, is copied to `domain-id` field for each of the member ECT.

> All the member entries are then added in the ACS, with `authority` specified in the  `domain-id` field.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All the member entries are then added in the ACS, with `authority` specified in the `domain-id` field.
```

> If the match fails, then the process is repeated using next Domain Membership entry in the Verifier. If none of the entries match, then the Verification has failed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the match fails, then the process is repeated using next Domain Membership entry in the Verifier.
If none of the entries match, then the Verification has failed.
```

If the ECTs match except for authority, the `rv` `addition` ECT authority is added to the ACS ECT authority.

#### Processing Domain Membership {#sec-process-dm}

Domain Membership Triples allow an Endorser (for example an Integrator) to issue an authoritative statement about the composition of an Attester as a collection of Environments.
If the Verifier Appraisal policy requires Domain Membership, then membership triple sets a reference composition of an Attester in a Verifier database.
At the time of Verification, the reference is then matched with actual composition as reported by an Attester in the Evidence.

Domain Membership Triples are first transformed into an internal representation following the steps mentioned in {{sec-dm-trans}} leading to a representation as as specified in {{sec-dm-membership}}.

For each `ECT` entry in the list of `members`, the environment elements (example Class ID) is compared with the equivalent environment elements in ACS Entry with `cmtype` as `evidence`.
The process continues, till every environment in the member list matches the entry in ACS.

> If all the members match then the `environment` from the domain-id field, is copied to `domain-id` field for each of the member ECT.

Reviewer 5: The domain-id is a type-choice that includes `environment-map`.  `environment` refers to a field in an ECT. It isn't clear what is intended. It appears the `dm.members` list ECTs are used as conditions to search the ACS. 
Why do all of the ACS entries have to be matched before any of them can be matched? If a member entry is matched (corroborated) then it isn't clear if entry into the ACS is the way to represent that. But one goal of membership triple is to represent the absence of expected members. This can be represented by adding the expected member ECTs using the authority of the dm triples in corim. It is unclear how the ACS should represent corroborated members. 

Additionally, the domain identity ECT also needs to be added to the ACS with membership triple signer authority.  

Note: Since ACS evidence entries could have populated the domain-id using a membership triple in evidence, the membership triple in corim that matches should verify that the domain-id in evidence ECT is the same as domain-id in dm ECT. If they disagree then actual state doesn't match expected state. However, it is unclear how the ACS represents corroborated members.

Author: Why do all of the ACS entries have to be matched before any of them can be matched? 

Basically ECT Entries in the Staging areas from Domain Membership all has to match the ACS Entries with cmtype as Evidence, All has to Match otherwise, the Reported Evidence has few members missing, which should FAIL the Appraisal..

Reviewer 5: Domain shouldn't take the place of Reference Value triples. This description should assume the RV triples processing has completed already. That means there are `reference` ECTs in the ACS when membership triples are evaluated.

> All the member entries are then added in the ACS, with `authority` specified in the  `domain-id` field.

Reviewer 5: I didn't expect the membership triple would result in new entries into the ACS. Rather, the existing entries would be updated to populate the empty `domain-id` field.

Author: The Domain Membership triple adds ACS Entries which has `cmtype` set to `domain-member`

Author: This ONLY happens when all the domain members in the Staging area are compared with Evidence ECT and is a perfect match.

Then the new ACS Entries are added...

Reviewer 5: > Membership triple adds ACS Entries

It might help to separate the steps that track who said what from enforcement steps that detect a bad conversation. 

Membership triple is an unconditional endorsement meaning the endorser can say what the topology of the device is without being censored / influenced by what the Attester says. There are 3 ways to originate new claims, evidence, conditional endorsement (where the addition environment is not part of the condition), and domain triples. Membership can assert a composition even if the Attester doesn't attest. Example: a laptop vendor VZ asserts that model-Z has an IO controller, keyboard, trackpad, and fingerprint sensor. VZ can produce a rim for model-Z that relates the collection of components. If the Verifier authenticates the Attester using a device credential that identifies it as model-Z, the verifier can find corims for model-Z which say "There is a collection of io-ctlr, kbd, tp, fp-rdr with a domain named DZ". This could be the first set of ECTs in the ACS as the composition isn't conditional on Evidence. 

Lets say the Attester does produce Evidence that has a measurement for io-ctlr, kbd, and tp but not fp-rdr. The domain composition from VZ is still correct. However, the inferred domain composition from Evidence is dissimilar. This difference can be detected using the right combination of queries and comparisons. The enforcement action might be policy driven where the absense of fp-rdr isn't a security issue (maybe fp-rdrs are flakey). Afterall, trying to infer a collection from Evidence is "reading in" more than was intended.

Lets say the Attester (IO-ctlr) wants to be explicit about the domain and includes membership triples in Evidence. Assume the fp-rdr is flakey and fails to return evidence. The IO ctlr membership assertion won't agree with the Evidence set (which lacks fp-rdr). This shows internal inconsistency but doesn't signal an attack since fp-rdr is known to be flakey. We assume an experienced attacker would cause the IO-ctlr to lie about the missing fp-rdr. 

A policy might expect fp-rdr to be missing from Evidence and conclude that IO-ctlr expected fp-rdr, but that's because the fp-rdr is flakey.

Lets say another policy is more sophisticated where if the VZ asserts presence of fp-rdr then override the policy where the IO-ctlr says there should be a fp-rdr but lack of fp-rdr is due to it being flakey. Now it makes sense to flag the missing fp-rdr as a security flaw. 

But in all these cases, there is never a reason to remove entries from the "who said what" record or for the processing of the ACS to fail.

Reviewer 5: > Rather, the existing entries would be updated to populate the empty domain-id field.

Note that merging of records in the ACS falls under ACS optimization strategies. The comment above assumed some sort of optimization is being made to minimize the set of ECTs that make claims about any particular environment (component).

Reviewer 5: I think it would be OK if the membership processing algorithm simply added the membership ECTs to the ACS unconditionally. 

If we think there is an ACS consistency algorithm that is universal, that considers membership, evidence and possibly reference ECTs, then maybe it makes sense for a later phase (phase 5?) to apply the analysis / optimization.

Author: I agree with the fact that ACS Entries for Domain membership can be added un-conditionally. However, Verifier can ONLY start populating the ACS when it receives the Evidence. The ACS cannot be un-conditionally be populated with ANY DM triples, without Evidence setting the context of ACS with Evidence.

If the ECTs match except for authority, the `rv` `addition` ECT authority is added to the ACS ECT authority.

#### Processing Domain Membership {#sec-process-dm}

Domain Membership Triples allow an Endorser (for example an Integrator) to issue an authoritative statement about the composition of an Attester as a collection of Environments.
If the Verifier Appraisal policy requires Domain Membership, then membership triple is used to match a reference composition of an Attester, expressed via membership triple with the actual composition represented via Evidence at the time of Appraisal.

Domain Membership Triples are first transformed into an internal representation following the steps mentioned in {{sec-ir-dm-trans}} leading to a representation as specified in {{sec-ir-dm}}.

A list of mutable references to matching ACS Entries for a `dm` is constructed in an iterative process over `dm`.`members`.

> For every environment in `dm`.`members`, select ECTs from the ACS where `cmtype: &(evidence: 2)` and whose environment matches.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
For every environment in `dm`.`members`, select Evidence ECTs from the ACS (i.e., `cmtype: &(evidence: 2)`) where the environments match.
```

If the ECTs match except for authority, the `rv` `addition` ECT authority is added to the ACS ECT authority.

#### Processing Domain Membership {#sec-process-dm}

> Domain Membership Triples allow an Endorser (for example an Integrator) to issue an authoritative statement about the composition of an Attester as a collection of Environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domain Membership Triples allow an Endorser (for example, an Integrator) to issue an authoritative statement about the composition of an Attester as a collection of Environments.
```

> If the Verifier Appraisal policy requires Domain Membership, then membership triple is used to match a reference composition of an Attester, expressed via membership triple with the actual composition represented via Evidence at the time of Appraisal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Verifier Appraisal policy requires Domain Membership, the Domain Membership Triple is used to match an Attester's reference composition with the actual composition represented by Evidence.
```

> Domain Membership Triples are first transformed into an internal representation following the steps mentioned in {{sec-ir-dm-trans}} leading to a representation as specified in {{sec-ir-dm}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domain Membership Triples are first transformed into an internal representation following the steps described in {{sec-ir-dm-trans}}, resulting in the representation specified in {{sec-ir-dm}}.
```

A list of mutable references to matching ACS Entries for a `dm` is constructed in an iterative process over `dm`.`members`.
For every environment in `dm`.`members`, select Evidence ECTs from the ACS ( i.e. `cmtype: &(evidence: 2)`) where environment match.
If there are no such ECTs, then the `dm` processing fails.

> If there is at least one such ECT, then add all the ECTs to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is at least one such ECT, then add all the matching ECTs to the list.
```

> If there is at least one such ECT, then add all the matching ECTs to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, add all the matching ECTs to the list.
```

> At the end of list construction, for each ECT in the list of references, copy the `dm`.`domain-id` to the ECT's `domain-id` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the list, for each ECT in the list of references, copy the `dm`.`domain-id` to the ECT's `domain-id` field.
```

> If the field is already present and denotes a different domain, then this is an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the field is already present and contains a different domain, then this is an error.
```
